OSDOCS-12800: Documented the 4.17.7 z-stream release notes (#85628)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.17.7 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-17-7-enhancements_{context}"]
==== Enhancements

[id="ocp-4-17-7-cluster-tasks-pipelines_{context}"]
===== Deprecated clusterTasks OpenShift Pipelines version 1.17

* The {product-title} {product-version} release deprecates the `clusterTasks` resource from {pipelines-title} version 1.17. The release also removes `clusterTasks` resource dependencies from the static plugin on the {pipelines-shortname} page of the {product-title} web console. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-44183[*OCPBUGS-44183*])

[id="ocp-4-17-7-known-issues_{context}"]
==== Known issues

// SME review

> * When you attempt to use the the Cluster Network Operator (CNO) to upgrade your cluster from {product-title} 4.16 to {product-title} {product-version}, `ovnkube-control-plane` pods fail to run because `localnet` topology networks do not have subnets defined. This issue causes the upgrade operation to pause and outputs an error message for the `secondaryNetworkClusterManager` resource, which was created by the cluster controller manager. As a workaround for this issue, add a subnet to the Network Attachment Definitions (NAD) section of the `secondaryNetworkClusterManager` resource YAML file so that the cluster upgrade operation can continue as expected. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43454[*OCPBUGS-43454*])       

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you attempt to use the the Cluster Network Operator (CNO) to upgrade your cluster from {product-title} 4.16 to {product-title} {product-version}, `ovnkube-control-plane` pods fail to run when the cluster features secondary ovn-kubernetes `localnet` topology networks without subnets defined. This issue causes the upgrade operation to pause and outputs an error message for the `secondaryNetworkClusterManager` resource, which was created by the cluster controller manager. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43454[*OCPBUGS-43454*])
```

The workaround listed there should not be considered valid - it might cause more harm than good if the network is in use - it'll cause the workloads to have to be removed, then re-added.
